.env.example
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
voxai/__init__.py
voxai/cli.py
voxai/core.py
voxai.egg-info/PKG-INFO
voxai.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
voxai.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
voxai.egg-info/entry_points.txt
voxai.egg-info/requires.txt
voxai.egg-info/top_level.txt
voxai/electron/.gitignore
voxai/electron/index.html
voxai/electron/main.js
voxai/electron/package-lock.json
voxai/electron/package.json
voxai/electron/renderer.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/.package-lock.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/Cache.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/Cache.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/Cache.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/Downloader.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/Downloader.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/Downloader.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/GotDownloader.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/GotDownloader.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/GotDownloader.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/artifact-utils.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/artifact-utils.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/artifact-utils.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/downloader-resolver.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/downloader-resolver.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/downloader-resolver.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/index.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/proxy.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/proxy.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/proxy.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/types.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/types.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/types.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/utils.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/utils.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/cjs/utils.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/Cache.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/Cache.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/Cache.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/Downloader.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/Downloader.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/Downloader.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/GotDownloader.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/GotDownloader.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/GotDownloader.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/artifact-utils.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/artifact-utils.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/artifact-utils.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/downloader-resolver.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/downloader-resolver.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/downloader-resolver.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/index.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/proxy.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/proxy.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/proxy.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/types.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/types.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/types.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/utils.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/utils.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/dist/esm/utils.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/@sindresorhus/is/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/@sindresorhus/is/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/@sindresorhus/is/dist/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/@sindresorhus/is/dist/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/@sindresorhus/is/dist/types.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/@sindresorhus/is/dist/types.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/@szmarczak/http-timer/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/@szmarczak/http-timer/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/@szmarczak/http-timer/dist/source/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/@szmarczak/http-timer/dist/source/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/.eslintrc.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/.npmpackagejsonlintrc.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/.releaserc.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/LICENSE.txt
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/licenseCheck.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/tsconfig.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/build/lib/boolean.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/build/lib/boolean.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/build/lib/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/build/lib/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/build/lib/isBooleanable.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/build/lib/isBooleanable.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/lib/boolean.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/lib/index.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/boolean/lib/isBooleanable.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/defer-to-connect/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/defer-to-connect/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/defer-to-connect/dist/source/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/defer-to-connect/dist/source/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/es6-error/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/es6-error/LICENSE.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/es6-error/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/es6-error/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/es6-error/es6/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/es6-error/lib/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/es6-error/typings/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/copy/copy.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/copy/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/copy-sync/copy-sync.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/copy-sync/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/empty/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/ensure/file.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/ensure/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/ensure/link.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/ensure/symlink-paths.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/ensure/symlink-type.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/ensure/symlink.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/fs/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/json/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/json/jsonfile.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/json/output-json-sync.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/json/output-json.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/mkdirs/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/mkdirs/mkdirs-sync.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/mkdirs/mkdirs.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/mkdirs/win32.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/move/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/move/move.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/move-sync/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/move-sync/move-sync.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/output/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/path-exists/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/remove/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/remove/rimraf.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/util/buffer.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/util/stat.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/util/utimes.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/.flowconfig
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/bootstrap.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/Logger.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/Logger.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/Logger.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/errors.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/errors.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/errors.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/index.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/index.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/types.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/types.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/types.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/classes/Agent.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/classes/Agent.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/classes/Agent.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/classes/HttpProxyAgent.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/classes/HttpProxyAgent.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/classes/HttpProxyAgent.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/classes/HttpsProxyAgent.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/classes/HttpsProxyAgent.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/classes/HttpsProxyAgent.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/classes/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/classes/index.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/classes/index.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/factories/createGlobalProxyAgent.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/factories/createGlobalProxyAgent.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/factories/createGlobalProxyAgent.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/factories/createProxyController.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/factories/createProxyController.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/factories/createProxyController.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/factories/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/factories/index.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/factories/index.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/routines/bootstrap.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/routines/bootstrap.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/routines/bootstrap.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/routines/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/routines/index.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/routines/index.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/utilities/bindHttpMethod.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/utilities/bindHttpMethod.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/utilities/bindHttpMethod.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/utilities/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/utilities/index.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/utilities/index.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/utilities/isUrlMatchingNoProxy.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/utilities/isUrlMatchingNoProxy.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/utilities/isUrlMatchingNoProxy.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/utilities/parseProxyUrl.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/utilities/parseProxyUrl.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/dist/utilities/parseProxyUrl.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/preload.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/range.bnf
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/bin/semver.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/classes/comparator.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/classes/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/classes/range.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/classes/semver.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/clean.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/cmp.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/coerce.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/compare-build.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/compare-loose.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/compare.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/diff.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/eq.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/gt.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/gte.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/inc.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/lt.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/lte.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/major.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/minor.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/neq.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/parse.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/patch.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/prerelease.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/rcompare.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/rsort.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/satisfies.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/sort.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/functions/valid.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/internal/constants.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/internal/debug.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/internal/identifiers.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/internal/lrucache.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/internal/parse-options.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/internal/re.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/ranges/gtr.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/ranges/intersects.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/ranges/ltr.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/ranges/max-satisfying.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/ranges/min-satisfying.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/ranges/min-version.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/ranges/outside.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/ranges/simplify.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/ranges/subset.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/ranges/to-comparators.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/node_modules/semver/ranges/valid.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/Logger.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/errors.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/types.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/classes/Agent.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/classes/HttpProxyAgent.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/classes/HttpsProxyAgent.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/classes/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/factories/createGlobalProxyAgent.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/factories/createProxyController.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/factories/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/routines/bootstrap.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/routines/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/utilities/bindHttpMethod.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/utilities/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/utilities/isUrlMatchingNoProxy.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/global-agent/src/utilities/parseProxyUrl.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/create.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/create.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/types.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/types.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/as-promise/create-rejection.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/as-promise/create-rejection.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/as-promise/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/as-promise/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/as-promise/normalize-arguments.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/as-promise/normalize-arguments.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/as-promise/parse-body.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/as-promise/parse-body.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/as-promise/types.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/as-promise/types.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/calculate-retry-delay.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/calculate-retry-delay.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/dns-ip-version.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/dns-ip-version.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/get-body-size.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/get-body-size.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/get-buffer.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/get-buffer.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/is-form-data.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/is-form-data.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/is-response-ok.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/is-response-ok.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/options-to-url.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/options-to-url.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/proxy-events.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/proxy-events.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/timed-out.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/timed-out.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/unhandle.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/unhandle.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/url-to-options.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/url-to-options.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/weakable-map.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/core/utils/weakable-map.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/utils/deep-freeze.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/utils/deep-freeze.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/utils/deprecation-warning.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/got/dist/source/utils/deprecation-warning.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/progress/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/progress/Readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/progress/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/progress/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/progress/lib/node-progress.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/constants.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/constants.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/constants.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/log.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/log.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/log.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/types.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/types.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/types.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/createLogger.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/createLogger.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/createLogger.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/createMockLogger.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/createMockLogger.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/createMockLogger.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/createNodeWriter.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/createNodeWriter.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/createNodeWriter.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/createRoarrInititialGlobalState.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/createRoarrInititialGlobalState.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/createRoarrInititialGlobalState.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/index.js.flow
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/roarr/dist/factories/index.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/sprintf-js/CONTRIBUTORS.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/sprintf-js/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/sprintf-js/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/sprintf-js/dist/.gitattributes
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/sprintf-js/dist/angular-sprintf.min.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/sprintf-js/dist/angular-sprintf.min.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/sprintf-js/dist/sprintf.min.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/sprintf-js/dist/sprintf.min.js.map
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/sprintf-js/src/angular-sprintf.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@electron/get/node_modules/sprintf-js/src/sprintf.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/cacheable-request/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/cacheable-request/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/cacheable-request/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/http-cache-semantics/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/http-cache-semantics/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/http-cache-semantics/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/keyv/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/keyv/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/keyv/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/assert.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/async_hooks.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/buffer.buffer.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/buffer.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/child_process.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/cluster.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/console.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/constants.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/crypto.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/dgram.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/diagnostics_channel.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/dns.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/dom-events.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/domain.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/events.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/fs.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/globals.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/globals.typedarray.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/http.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/http2.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/https.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/inspector.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/module.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/net.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/os.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/path.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/perf_hooks.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/process.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/punycode.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/querystring.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/readline.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/repl.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/sea.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/stream.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/string_decoder.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/test.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/timers.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/tls.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/trace_events.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/tty.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/url.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/util.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/v8.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/vm.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/wasi.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/worker_threads.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/zlib.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/assert/strict.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/compatibility/disposable.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/compatibility/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/compatibility/indexable.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/compatibility/iterators.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/dns/promises.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/fs/promises.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/readline/promises.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/stream/consumers.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/stream/promises.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/stream/web.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/timers/promises.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/ts5.6/buffer.buffer.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/ts5.6/globals.typedarray.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/node/ts5.6/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/responselike/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/responselike/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/responselike/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/yauzl/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/yauzl/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/@types/yauzl/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/buffer-crc32/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/buffer-crc32/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/buffer-crc32/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/cacheable-lookup/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/cacheable-lookup/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/cacheable-lookup/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/cacheable-lookup/source/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/cacheable-request/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/cacheable-request/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/cacheable-request/src/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/clone-response/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/clone-response/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/clone-response/src/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/debug/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/debug/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/debug/src/browser.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/debug/src/common.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/debug/src/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/debug/src/node.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/decompress-response/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/decompress-response/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/decompress-response/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/decompress-response/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/decompress-response/node_modules/mimic-response/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/decompress-response/node_modules/mimic-response/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/decompress-response/node_modules/mimic-response/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/decompress-response/node_modules/mimic-response/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-data-property/.eslintrc
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-data-property/.nycrc
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-data-property/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-data-property/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-data-property/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-data-property/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-data-property/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-data-property/tsconfig.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-data-property/.github/FUNDING.yml
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-data-property/test/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-properties/.editorconfig
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-properties/.eslintrc
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-properties/.nycrc
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-properties/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-properties/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-properties/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-properties/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/define-properties/.github/FUNDING.yml
voxai/electron/node_modules/detect-node/Readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/detect-node/browser.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/detect-node/index.esm.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/detect-node/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/detect-node/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/checksums.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/cli.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/electron.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/install.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/path.txt
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/LICENSES.chromium.html
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Libraries/libEGL.dylib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Libraries/libGLESv2.dylib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Libraries/libffmpeg.dylib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Libraries/libvk_swiftshader.dylib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Libraries/vk_swiftshader_icd.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/MainMenu.nib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/icudtl.dat
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/resources.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.arm64.bin
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/af.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/am.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/ar.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/bg.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/bn.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/ca.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/cs.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/da.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/de.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/el.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/en_GB.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/es.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/es_419.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/et.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/fa.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/fi.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/fil.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/fr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/gu.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/he.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/hi.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/hr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/hu.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/id.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/it.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/ja.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/kn.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/ko.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/lt.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/lv.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/ml.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/mr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/ms.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/nb.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/nl.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/pl.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/pt_BR.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/pt_PT.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/ro.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/ru.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/sk.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/sl.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/sr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/sv.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/sw.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/ta.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/te.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/th.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/tr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/uk.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/ur.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/vi.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/zh_CN.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Resources/zh_TW.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Libraries/libEGL.dylib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Libraries/libGLESv2.dylib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Libraries/libffmpeg.dylib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Libraries/libvk_swiftshader.dylib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Libraries/vk_swiftshader_icd.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/MainMenu.nib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/icudtl.dat
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/resources.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.arm64.bin
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/af.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/am.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ar.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/bg.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/bn.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ca.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/cs.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/da.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/de.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/el.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/en_GB.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/es.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/es_419.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/et.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/fa.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/fi.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/fil.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/fr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/gu.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/he.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/hi.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/hr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/hu.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/id.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/it.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ja.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/kn.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ko.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/lt.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/lv.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ml.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/mr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ms.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/nb.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/nl.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/pl.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/pt_BR.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/pt_PT.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ro.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ru.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/sk.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/sl.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/sr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/sv.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/sw.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ta.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/te.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/th.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/tr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/uk.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ur.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/vi.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/zh_CN.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/A/Resources/zh_TW.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Libraries/libEGL.dylib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Libraries/libGLESv2.dylib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Libraries/libffmpeg.dylib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Libraries/libvk_swiftshader.dylib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Libraries/vk_swiftshader_icd.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/MainMenu.nib
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/icudtl.dat
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/resources.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.arm64.bin
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/af.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/am.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/ar.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/bg.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/bn.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/ca.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/cs.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/da.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/de.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/el.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/en_GB.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/es.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/es_419.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/et.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/fa.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/fi.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/fil.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/fr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/gu.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/he.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/hi.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/hr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/hu.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/id.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/it.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/ja.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/kn.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/ko.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/lt.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/lv.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/ml.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/mr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/ms.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/nb.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/nl.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/pl.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/pt_BR.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/pt_PT.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/ro.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/ru.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/sk.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/sl.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/sr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/sv.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/sw.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/ta.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/te.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/th.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/tr.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/uk.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/ur.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/vi.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/zh_CN.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Framework.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/zh_TW.lproj/locale.pak
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Helper (GPU).app/Contents/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Helper (Plugin).app/Contents/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Helper (Renderer).app/Contents/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Electron Helper.app/Contents/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Mantle.framework/Resources/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Mantle.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Mantle.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/ReactiveObjC.framework/Resources/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/ReactiveObjC.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/ReactiveObjC.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Squirrel.framework/Resources/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Squirrel.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Frameworks/Squirrel.framework/Versions/Current/Resources/Info.plist
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Resources/default_app.asar
voxai/electron/node_modules/electron/dist/Electron.app/Contents/Resources/electron.icns
voxai/electron/node_modules/end-of-stream/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/end-of-stream/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/end-of-stream/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/env-paths/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/env-paths/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/env-paths/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/env-paths/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-define-property/.eslintrc
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-define-property/.nycrc
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-define-property/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-define-property/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-define-property/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-define-property/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-define-property/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-define-property/tsconfig.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-define-property/.github/FUNDING.yml
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-define-property/test/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/.eslintrc
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/eval.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/eval.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/range.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/range.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/ref.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/ref.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/syntax.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/syntax.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/tsconfig.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/type.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/type.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/uri.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/uri.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/.github/FUNDING.yml
voxai/electron/node_modules/es-errors/test/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/escape-string-regexp/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/escape-string-regexp/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/escape-string-regexp/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/escape-string-regexp/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/extract-zip/cli.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/extract-zip/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/extract-zip/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/extract-zip/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/extract-zip/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/fd-slicer/.npmignore
voxai/electron/node_modules/fd-slicer/.travis.yml
voxai/electron/node_modules/fd-slicer/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/fd-slicer/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/fd-slicer/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/fd-slicer/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/fd-slicer/test/test.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/get-stream/buffer-stream.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/get-stream/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/get-stream/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/get-stream/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/get-stream/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/.eslintrc
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/.nycrc
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/auto.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/implementation.browser.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/implementation.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/polyfill.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/shim.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/test/implementation.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/test/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/test/native.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/test/shimmed.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/globalthis/test/tests.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/gopd/.eslintrc
voxai/electron/node_modules/gopd/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/gopd/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/gopd/gOPD.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/gopd/gOPD.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/gopd/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/gopd/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/gopd/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/gopd/tsconfig.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/gopd/.github/FUNDING.yml
voxai/electron/node_modules/gopd/test/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/graceful-fs/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/graceful-fs/clone.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/graceful-fs/graceful-fs.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/graceful-fs/legacy-streams.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/graceful-fs/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/graceful-fs/polyfills.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/has-property-descriptors/.eslintrc
voxai/electron/node_modules/has-property-descriptors/.nycrc
voxai/electron/node_modules/has-property-descriptors/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/has-property-descriptors/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/has-property-descriptors/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/has-property-descriptors/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/has-property-descriptors/.github/FUNDING.yml
voxai/electron/node_modules/has-property-descriptors/test/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/http-cache-semantics/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/http-cache-semantics/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/http-cache-semantics/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/http2-wrapper/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/http2-wrapper/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/http2-wrapper/source/agent.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/http2-wrapper/source/auto.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/http2-wrapper/source/client-request.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/http2-wrapper/source/incoming-message.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/http2-wrapper/source/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/http2-wrapper/source/utils/calculate-server-name.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/http2-wrapper/source/utils/errors.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/http2-wrapper/source/utils/is-request-pseudo-header.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/http2-wrapper/source/utils/proxy-events.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/http2-wrapper/source/utils/url-to-options.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/json-buffer/.travis.yml
voxai/electron/node_modules/json-buffer/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/json-buffer/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/json-buffer/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/json-buffer/test/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/json-stringify-safe/.npmignore
voxai/electron/node_modules/json-stringify-safe/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/json-stringify-safe/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/json-stringify-safe/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/json-stringify-safe/stringify.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/json-stringify-safe/test/mocha.opts
voxai/electron/node_modules/json-stringify-safe/test/stringify_test.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/jsonfile/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/jsonfile/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/jsonfile/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/jsonfile/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/keyv/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/keyv/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/keyv/src/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/keyv/src/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/lowercase-keys/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/lowercase-keys/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/lowercase-keys/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/lowercase-keys/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/matcher/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/matcher/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/matcher/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/matcher/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/mimic-response/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/mimic-response/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/mimic-response/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/ms/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/ms/license.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/ms/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/ms/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/normalize-url/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/normalize-url/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/normalize-url/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/normalize-url/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/object-keys/.editorconfig
voxai/electron/node_modules/object-keys/.eslintrc
voxai/electron/node_modules/object-keys/.travis.yml
voxai/electron/node_modules/object-keys/CHANGELOG.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/object-keys/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/object-keys/implementation.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/object-keys/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/object-keys/isArguments.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/object-keys/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/object-keys/test/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/once/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/once/once.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/once/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/p-cancelable/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/p-cancelable/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/p-cancelable/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/p-cancelable/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/pend/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/pend/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/pend/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/pend/test.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/pump/.travis.yml
voxai/electron/node_modules/pump/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/pump/SECURITY.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/pump/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/pump/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/pump/test-browser.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/pump/test-node.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/pump/.github/FUNDING.yml
voxai/electron/node_modules/quick-lru/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/quick-lru/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/quick-lru/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/quick-lru/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/resolve-alpn/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/resolve-alpn/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/resolve-alpn/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/responselike/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/responselike/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/responselike/src/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/semver/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/semver/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/semver/range.bnf
voxai/electron/node_modules/semver/semver.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/semver-compare/.travis.yml
voxai/electron/node_modules/semver-compare/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/semver-compare/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/semver-compare/readme.markdown
voxai/electron/node_modules/semver-compare/example/cmp.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/semver-compare/example/lex.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/semver-compare/test/cmp.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/semver/bin/semver.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/serialize-error/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/serialize-error/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/serialize-error/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/serialize-error/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/sumchecker/NEWS.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/sumchecker/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/sumchecker/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/sumchecker/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/sumchecker/index.test-d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/sumchecker/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/sumchecker/yarn.lock
voxai/electron/node_modules/sumchecker/.github/FUNDING.yml
voxai/electron/node_modules/sumchecker/.github/workflows/ci.yml
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/readme.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/async-return-type.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/basic.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/conditional-except.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/conditional-keys.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/conditional-pick.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/except.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/literal-union.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/merge-exclusive.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/merge.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/mutable.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/opaque.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/package-json.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/partial-deep.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/promisable.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/promise-value.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/readonly-deep.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/require-at-least-one.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/require-exactly-one.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/set-optional.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/set-required.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/stringified.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/tsconfig-json.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/union-to-intersection.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/type-fest/source/value-of.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/agent.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/api.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/balanced-pool.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/cache.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/client.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/connector.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/content-type.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/cookies.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/diagnostics-channel.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/dispatcher.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/env-http-proxy-agent.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/errors.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/eventsource.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/fetch.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/file.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/filereader.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/formdata.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/global-dispatcher.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/global-origin.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/handlers.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/header.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/index.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/interceptors.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/mock-agent.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/mock-client.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/mock-errors.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/mock-interceptor.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/mock-pool.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/patch.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/pool-stats.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/pool.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/proxy-agent.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/readable.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/retry-agent.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/retry-handler.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/util.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/webidl.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/undici-types/websocket.d.ts
voxai/electron/node_modules/universalify/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/universalify/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/universalify/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/wrappy/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/wrappy/package.json
voxai/electron/node_modules/wrappy/wrappy.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/yauzl/README.md
voxai/electron/node_modules/yauzl/index.js
voxai/electron/node_modules/yauzl/package.json